Lecture 1:
Editing a course::
--Once a course has been added by an educator and there are more updates to be
incorporated, the educator will be able to edit the details of the course as its
instructor. Editing a course includes the ability to update its lessons, as well

Updating the course API::
--In the backend, we will need an API that allows an existing course to be updated if
the user who is making the request is the authorized instructor of the given course.

--A PUT request that is received at the /api/courses/:courseId route first checks if
the signed-in user is the instructor of the course that is associated with the courseId
provided in the URL. If the user is found to be authorized, the update controller is
invoked

The EditCourse component::
--we will add a view for editing a course and it will have two sections.
The first part will let the user change the course details, including the name, category,
description, and image; and the second part will allow the modification of the lessons
for the course.

--In order to load EditCourse in the frontend of the application, we need to declare a
frontend route for it. This component can only be viewed by a signed-in user who is
also the instructor of the course. So, we will add a PrivateRoute in
the MainRouter component, which will render this view only for authorized users
at /teach/course/edit/:courseId

Updating lessons::
--In order to allow instructors to update the lessons that they have added to a course,
we will add the following section in the EditCourse component, which will allow
the user to edit the lesson details, rearrange the order of the lessons, and delete a
lesson
--The implementation of these lesson update features will mostly rely on array
manipulation techniques.

Editing lesson details::
--Users will be able to edit the details of each field in a lesson in the EditCourse
component
--each item in the list of lessons will contain three
TextFields for each of the fields in a lesson and will be prepopulated with the
existing values of the fields

Moving the lessons to rearrange the order::
--While updating lessons, the user will also be able to reorder each lesson on the list.
There will be an up arrow button for each lesson, except for the very first lesson. This
button will be added to each lesson item in the view

Deleting a lesson::
--each item rendered in the lessons list will have a delete
option. The Delete button will be added in the view to each list item

Lecture 2
Deleting a course::
--In the MERN Classroom application, instructors will be able to permanently delete
courses if the course has not been published already

The delete course API::
-we will start with the delete route
--This DELETE route takes the course ID as a URL parameter and checks if the current
user is signed in and authorized to perform this delete, before proceeding to the
remove controller method

--to access this API in the front end, we use a fetch method with this route
--The fetch method will need to take the course ID and current user's
auth credentials, then call the delete API with these values.

The DeleteCourse component::
--The instructor for a course will see a delete option on the Course page when they are
logged in and they are viewing an unpublished course. This delete option will be
implemented in its own React component called DeleteCourse, and this component
will be added to the Course component.
--The DeleteCourse component is basically a
button, which, when clicked, opens a Dialog component asking the user to confirm
the delete action,

--With this implementation, course instructors will be able to remove a course from the
platform


Lecture 3:
Publishing courses::
--In the MERN Classroom, only courses that are published will be available to other
users on the platform for enrollment. Once an instructor has created the course and
updated it with lessons, they will have the option to publish it. Published courses will
be listed on the home page, and all visitors will be able to view them.

Implementing the publish option::
--Instructors for each course will be given the option to publish their course after they
have added at least one lesson to the course. Publishing a course will also mean that
the course can no longer be deleted, new lessons cannot be added, and existing
lessons cannot be deleted.

Publish button states::
--when the instructor is logged in, they will see the PUBLISH
button in three states, depending on whether the course can be published or not, and
whether it is already published

Confirm to publish::
--When the instructor clicks on the PUBLISH button, they will see a dialog box
informing them of the consequences of this action, and giving them the options to
PUBLISH the course or CANCEL the action.

--This published attribute in the course can be used to conditionally hide the options
to add a new lesson, delete a course, and delete a lesson in both the Course and
EditCourse components, in order to prevent the instructor from performing these
actions after the course is already published.

Lecture 4:
Listing published courses::
--All visitors to the MERN Classroom application will be able to access the published
courses. In order to present these published courses, we will add the feature to
retrieve all the published courses from the database, and display the courses in a list
on the home page.

The published courses API:

The Courses component::
--For displaying the list of published courses, we will design a component that takes
the array of courses as props from the parent component that it is added to wch will be rendered
in the home component.