Enrolling on courses::
All visitors to the MERN Classroom application will have the option to sign in and
then enroll on any of the published courses
--Enrolling on a course would give them access to the lesson details and would allow them to go through the lessons
systematically to complete the course.

Lecture 1:
Defining an Enrollment model::
--We will define an Enrollment schema and model in order to store the details of each
enrollment in the application
--It will have fields to store the reference to the course
being enrolled in and the user who is enrolling as a student. It will also store an array
corresponding to the lessons in the associated course, which will store the completion
status of each of the lessons for this student.
--Additionally, we will store three
timestamp values; the first value will signify when the student enrolled, the second
value will indicate the last time that they completed a lesson or updated the
enrollment, and finally, when they completed the course.

Lecture 2:
The create Enrollment API
--When a user chooses to enroll in a course, we will create a new enrollment and store
it in the backend.

--A POST request received at this route will first check whether the
user is authenticated, and then check whether they are already enrolled on this
course, before creating a new enrollment for this user in this course.

--The findEnrollment controller method will query the Enrollments collection in
the database in order to check whether there is already an enrollment with the given
course ID and user ID.

--If a matching result is returned from the query, then the resulting enrollment will be
sent back in the response, otherwise, the create controller method will be invoked to
create a new enrollment.

Lecture 3:
The Enroll component
--The Enroll component will simply contain a button that initiates the enrollment call
to the backend, and redirects the user if the server returns successfully with the new
enrollment document's ID. This component takes the ID of the associated course as a
prop from the parent component from where it is added. This prop will be used while
making the create enrollment API call.

The Enrolled Course view::
--For each course on which the user is enrolled, they will see a view that lists the details
of the course, and each lesson in the course; with the option to complete each lesson.

The read enrollment API::
--A GET request at this route will first invoke the enrollmentByID method, since it
contains the enrollmentId param in the URL declaration. The enrolmentByID
method will query the Enrollments collection by the provided ID, and if a matching
enrollment document is found, we ensure that the referenced course, the nested
course instructor, and the referenced student details are also populated using the
populate method from Mongoose.
--The resulting enrollment object is attached to the request object and passed on to the
next controller method. Before returning this enrollment object in the response to the
client, we will check whether the currently signed-in user is the student who is
associated with this specific enrollment in the isStudent method
--The isStudent method checks whether the user who is identified by the auth
credentials that were sent in the request matches the student who is referenced in the
enrollment. If the two users don't match, a 403 status is returned with an error
message, otherwise, the next controller method is invoked in order to return the
enrollment object. The next controller method is the read method,
--To use this read enrollment API in the frontend, you will also need to define a
corresponding fetch method,


Lecture 4:
The Enrollment component FrontEnd
--The Enrollment component will load the details of the course and the lessons that
were received from the read enrollment API.

--In this view, students will be able to go
through each lesson in the course and mark each as complete. The lesson titles will be
listed in a drawer, giving the student an overall idea of what the course contains, and
how far they have progressed. Each item in the drawer will extend to reveal the
details of the lesson,

--To implement this view, first, we need to make a fetch call to the read enrollment API
in the useEffect hook in order to retrieve the details of the enrollment and set it to
state

--Each of the items in the Lessons section of the drawer will also give the user a visual
indication of whether the lesson has been completed, or is still incomplete. These
check or uncheck icons will be rendered based on the Boolean value of the complete
field in each item in the lessonStatus array.

--This will render the details of the lesson that has been selected, which are the title,
content, and resource URL values

Lecture 5:
Tracking progress and enrollment stats::
--In a classroom application such as MERN Classroom, it can be valuable to let students
visualize their progress in enrolled courses, and let instructors see how many
students enrolled and completed their courses.

--In this application, once a student is enrolled on a course, they will be able to go
through each lesson in it, and mark it complete until all the lessons are done, and the
whole course is complete. The application will leave visual cues to let a student know
the state of their enrollments in courses. For instructors, once they publish a course,
we will show the total number of students who enrolled on the course, and the total
number of students who completed the course

Completing lessons:::
---We will have to extend both the enrollment APIs and the enrollment view
implementation to allow students first to complete lessons, and then the whole
course. We will add a lesson complete API in the backend and use this API in the
frontend to mark a lesson as complete when the user performs this action.

Lessons completed API::
--in the complete controller API, we use the updateOne action from MongoDB to update the enrollment document, which contains the lessonStatus object with the
corresponding lessonStatusId value provided in the request.
we then inplment a similar for the frontend api

Completed lessons from the view::
--In the Enrollment component, in which we are rendering each lesson's details in the drawer view, we will give the student the option to mark the lesson as completed.
This option will render conditionally, depending on whether the given lesson is already completed or not.

--we prepare the values to
be sent with the request in the updatedData object. We send the lessonStatus details, including the ID value and complete value set to true for the lesson that
was completed by the user. We also calculate if the total number of completed lessons is equal to the total number of lessons, so that we can set and send
the courseCompleted value in the request,

--The student's lessons will have a check icon next to them, as an indication of which lessons are either complete or incomplete. We also give the student a number tally of
how many were completed out of the total. The course is considered completed when all the lessons are done

Lecture 6:
Listing all enrollments for a user::
--Once they are signed in to MERN Classroom, students will be able to view a list of all
their enrollments on the home page.

The list of enrollments API::
--The list of enrollments API will take a GET request and query the Enrollments
collection in order to find enrollments that have a student reference that matches with
the user who is currently signed in.

--The query to the Enrollments collection finds all enrollments with the student
reference that matches the user ID that was received in the auth credentials of the
currently signed-in user. The resulting enrollments will be populated with the
referenced course's name and category values, and the list will be sorted so that the
completed enrollments are placed after the incomplete enrollments.

